yo what is up guys today I'm gonna be
doing another blog alright so cool i'm
gonna show you guys another day another
day that's cool so first of all i gotta
be taking the bus like oh well that
sucks didn't matter but guys guys guys
guys I'm advertised by Nike look at that
nike I'm advertised nike nike sends me a
lot of stuff you know i gotta be happy
man my goo you know reebok an adidas and
nike were all fighting for me but i
decided to go with nike and that's why
I'm advertised by Nike now cooked so
today's blonde and she see another high
school ovulation see what happens so
yesterday was a really crazy if I
supposed to it was a girl and a guy
fighting but now I don't know what
really happened I was really trying to
get it I was trying to get the video for
you guys but it was really hard like
there was a big a Cirque I have never
seen that it's pretty cool but yeah
guys will cut along with the date
alright so now I'm in the building when
my boy Ruben Ruben say see sup
that's my boy Ruben he and then there's
a guy behind us
goes up every every one day so like
tomorrow it's gonna be up this army no I
get and then well you know she's dressed
in there come up thumbnail not yet yeah
what's up yeah yeah ah fine you will be
mostly I started from day one man oh my
god hey I see you too Cassidy I saw you
two are you inside don't worry they saw
me soon I see you know damn oh you're
doing a pest come up all the way we do
it do it good where's funny like this
plane its place funny like this been
really
are you recording she a pot of gold
scheme as enough don't wanna partnership
random Ethel cut it random to know I got
it to ya muffin
thumb now I will you oh no my wig lately
all but I lost the chargers no how'd you
fix it I don't know what I did boys
gonna put it inside me are you okay it's
got a rose too bad do it see I want to
eat the whole song place cuz whenever it
falls yeah
you swap faces in the snapchat poacher
what I mean did you that's sick waiting
to do you see wait here we you
didn't want you can take a picture in
picture
okay you can do it again bunker it and
Carlos go in there Oh Chris I go down to
your level or isn't her level do my love
with all the way up what is it mustache
me Monica hilarious oh my god
really know whatever is good i smiled I
guess whatever what I can but I'm dead
you wanna your friends are you on
tonight what really expect yeah no
headphones on my district cold outside
one
there's a weenie is wrong too bad to
shut the up now that's a video call
sabe one there's gonna be my my my
screenshot Oh for me I got over to buy
nike
reading like a nice food you know
feeling like a king what your Anna way
we're missing somebody what is
oh yeah she got to rest in peace
who's gonna watch our childhood in here
she's a girl by the way
in the leg and some very hands those
days in it is that ok ok you belly would
owe on your face you are you Joe so let
me definitely ask her where he worked
so you don't work there in 10 years yes
you are if you don't go to school and
that's how much money you're gonna make
the rest of your life need a lil this
can you want it to not done so you never
miss you miss my budget talk yesterday
you want to make two times my budget
talk show that is ten dollars an hour
you can't so honey I can't afford first
you're gonna have to live at home I
cannot remember I can't afford to fit 30
dog hair shampoo i only make eighty
ninety thousand dollars in your i can't
afford funny no I'm being so I'm gonna
put money where money comes where I'm
going to make some more money on my
money and it isn't gonna be a pair of
jordan shoes you get what I'm saying is
you can afford shoes you just can't
afford them that's right there sorry I
get the ships from the pedals I mean
that's what you want to have tennis what
came of yesterday the one that
flabbergasted unless your name is world
talon pls twenty dollars a week to get
his hair cut let's show her your haircut
yet honey get me a pair of sweaty
nightmares icicle balance Calvin Cooper
muffin I dyed my own hair eighty dollars
a month to get his haircut and a beer
done
putting it up like he was just like oh
god I'm in the street cuz i cannot it I
so what were you saying about Mexican
bitch I'd say he said I had no right
you're a wetback buddy buddy buddy hey
man so like 20 16 miles was I making fun
of the fat your future I didn't make fun
of sexy these guys telling you guys
Donald Trump what if yeah I'll tell
you guys with this food goes to all the
narco corridos kill this bitch
he's a Donald Ramotar this
model boy for real vball trumped all
right so we're gonna run it every bit of
money don't
probably going to run it without to run
across the street
kind of long
just world are you going there are
fellows cuz i think they dug
around old
Ellen's hello stupid to be honest
bye
we go now go go go go are we running a
while
ah
and then
whoo
were you there when it happened
you see what happened
the bus
we did all right
take your stand
this
cyprus
alright guy said guess what happened the
most stupidest has ever having fun
to bring my shut down hey my name is
super super hard enough Rosanna to be
honest your name presenting that
Nike member i got sponsored by nike but
that what I just kidding had in this
country no so I was under a
bus to the rail which is in the Boston
you know minding my own business like
any other day you know many my own
business and I was just minding my own
business then this guy right all right
he was an african-american guy that just
sent goons at the bus stop right before
he got on the bus all right let me just
start the show so right when I got the
first bus right by my school it was I
went and you know how I don't know if
you guys just places haven't but like
let me show you guys you see like that's
the bus stop right there that's where
people sit and wait for the bus and you
see that blue sign I don't know what it
says down I'm really can't see holds
News Boston whatever that nothing that's
middle class yeah it has to have glass
so the paper won't fall off runnin oh
yeah and was that it was that and when I
went to my boss up with the one at
school that ship was broken i mean i was
hella glass everywhere hella glass and I
said oh sure this is the father broken
glass and I really didn't get to see
what happened or like I didn't really
get to see all the glass was in the
floor cuts the bus was just right there
and have to take it oh yeah I took it
and then two stops later is
african-american guy comes and walks in
with us walks in the bus and then a
minute later while we were driving a
minute just a minute boom the up a cop
pulls over in front of the buzzer puts
on the sirens and you didn't the content
EG he was about to get off the car but
the african-american got off he was
second on a lot of crosses you don't
want to get here wait up ok back
but off topic but i just felt right now
I was talking to the streets then this
guy his dad had two of his kids in front
he was dividing a bike one in the front
one in the back and he wouldn't matter
when I was watching I turned around and
leave off Elvis last step now that's
just talk about this matter let's get
altered so yeah look the car came then
he put the center and automatically the
african-american nude suppose I think he
knew that he was in trouble knew he was
in trouble and then the buzzcock guy I
don't know he just stopped and it was
really really weird and then he got off
and indeed they put him on the floor it
was I try to get as much video as it but
I couldn't I tried cuz I was really
scared I was really shaking I try to
hide my camera it was really scary then
I really tried to what I kinda sorta
focused so yeah I was kind of scared to
there is enough we gonna wear give me
hang me too oh i can very now say
yeah the cop killer he put him on
the grass is it and he had a me eat
checked everywhere I thought he was
looking for weed and and then he
was searching him then he put him inside
his cop car and once he wanted his
popcorn the police came in and that's
all this is the time i should take
up the camera and i did and he told the
bus driver cuz i was sitting my next
blog driver and he said um oh I just had
to stop you guys because this guy fits
the job description of the subscription
Pakistani Muslim the description old and
a breaking the glass window and that's
all the one that I just barely saw
in my school happy and that's all she
and i'll connect and yeah he stopped him
and I think I tried to show I try to get
a lot of 4 I try to get a lot of fool
what did I try to get a lot of forms
video way I can
yeah try to get for video I was really
really scared us and he was looking at
the gun was lignum as all
I got hella scared fun yeah that's it I
was basically one of the craziest things
I have ever done in the bus it's gonna
be able start to tell my kids with a to
be honest look at my kids about this
don't do anything illegal which you're
not supposed to do which is stupid and
dad okay I'm so walking so hot he's up